["Fairytale of New York"
by The Pogues plays]
[all] ♪ They've got cars big as bars
They've got rivers of gold ♪
♪ But the wind goes right through you
It's no place for the old ♪
♪ When you first took my hand
On a cold Christmas Eve ♪
♪ You promised me... ♪
[on TV] ...suspicious at this time.
♪ You were handsome
You were pretty, queen of New York City... ♪
[bartender] There you are, my love.
[Santa] Thank you! [chuckles]
[singing incoherently, chuckling]
[all] ♪ The boys of the NYPD choir
Were singing "Galway Bay" ♪
♪ And the bells were ringing out
For Christmas Day ♪
- Yeah!
- [crowd cheers]
- [bell rings]
- [door closes]
- [Santa] Woo-hoo!
- [woman] Sorry.
[Santa] Merry Christmas!
[unsettling music plays]
- [dog whines]
- [Santa] Ho ho!
- [bell ringing]
- [Santa] Merry Christmas!
Ho ho ho ho ho!
Hello, sir! Ho ho ho ho ho!
[unsettling music continues]
[distant sirens wail]
[cell phone buzzes]
- Maggie?
- [Maggie] Missed a call from her.
I was in the bathroom.
When I got back, she'd rung me.
I've tried to call. She's not answering.
[grunts] I think I'm being followed.
- By who?
- I don't know.
- [Maggie] Uh, well, are you... are you sure?
- [beeping]
- Hang on. Phillip's calling.
- I've got you on with Jason.
- [Phillip] You get hold of her?
- I missed a call from her.
- Phillip, did you talk to anyone?
- No, I didn't.
- I need to know if you spoke to anyone.
Well, in fact,
who I did or didn't speak to... [sniffs]
- ...has got nothing to do with you, so...
- [beeping]
Wait, it's her. She's ringing me now.
I'm gonna hang up and answer.
- Hold on.
- Wait, Maggie. Wait. Make sure you--
- Maggie?
- She rung off.
Okay, Phillip, listen to me.
I need to know if you spoke to anyone,
because I think I'm being followed.
[cutlery clatters]
Wha-- Wh-wh-what do you mean, "followed"?
What-- What do you think I fucking mean?
Um, well, wh-where are you now?
Can you see them now? Are... are you safe?
- I, um...
- [cell phone beeps]
It's... it's Maggie.
Well, put her on.
Maggie? Did you speak to her?
Is... is she okay? Where is she?
[ominous music plays]
Um, Maggie?
Maggie? Maggie?
Maggie, did you... did you speak to her?
Mag--
- [groans]
- [Jason] Phillip?
Maggie? Guys?
Guys, are you there?
[ominous music continues]
[breathes heavily]
[line ringing]
[female voice] The person you are calling
is unable to take your call.
- Please leave a message after the tone.
- [voicemail beeps]
Hi. It's, uh... me.
I know I shouldn't do this, but, um...
Well, I, uh...
[breathes anxiously]
I, uh... I think I might be
in trouble.
And you're the only person
I wanted to call. Uh...
[sniffles]
[chuckles softly]
I wanted to tell you
that I, uh...
- [silenced gunshot]
- [grunts]
[music fades]
[breathes softly]
[grunts softly]
[shallow breathing]
[somber music plays]
[music fades]
[church bells toll]
[lighter clicks shut]
- [dishes clatter]
- [man chattering in Italian]
- [woman chatters]
- [light, suspenseful music plays]
[man chattering]
[cell phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
[suspenseful music continues]
[cell phone buzzing]
- [scoffs softly]
- [buzzing continues]
[in English] Yes?
Okay. I understand.
[music fades]
["Merry Christmas Everyone" plays]
- Morning.
- [man 1] Morning.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
- Kids! Teeth, face, and hands, please.
- [girl] Last one there's a rotten egg!
[woman 1] Oli?
- Oli!
- [Oli] What?
Your inhaler's by the door.
♪ ...having fun... ♪
[man 2] I don't know.
Whatever you think a Saudi prince wants.
An intercontinental ballistic missile?
Man United maybe?
Then he'd have the set, wouldn't he?
Yeah, I have to go. All right.
Yeah, just try and keep him happy.
- Everything okay?
- Just the Saudis being Saudis. Seen this?
Any headline that starts
with the words "China demands"
is not gonna improve my day.
I mean, what do they want?
Their ambassador died of an overdose
for Christ's sake.
More smack in him
than a nun with a ruler, and yet...
- What happened to his daughter?
- [man 2] Oh, probably in hiding.
Trying to avoid having to
go back to the motherland, you know?
Is there anything that you can do about it
in the next 20 minutes?
- Probably not.
- Right. Then drink that and get ready.
I have left a shirt out for you
on the bed.
- You're an angel.
- I know.
Okay, let's get going.
Oh, wait.
Did you open your advent calendars?
- Yes.
- [woman 2] You did.
What did you get?
- Shepherd!
- Star.
Fantastic! Okay, right.
Let's get going. Into the cab.
[kids chattering simultaneously]
[girl] The button on the side
makes the take-off sound...
- [Oli chatters]
- ...like a big explosion! Boom.
- Kids, can we sh?
- [overlapping chatter continues]
[man 2] Every time
he mentions the word "Taiwan"...
[woman 1] Okay. Okay, guys.
You're gonna have to write this down
or Father Christmas is going to forget.
[man 2] Don't talk to me
about the bloody Chinese ambassador.
Chen was enough trouble when he was alive.
Now it's even worse, isn't it?
["Joy to the World" playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[inaudible]
- Uh...
- [clanging]
Hello, everyone. Hello.
Really quickly, I promise.
Um...
Oh, it is so lovely to see you all here.
Uh, this has just become
one of our favorite traditions,
where we, uh... we get to gather
some of our best people,
um, and raise money
for some brilliant charities.
And I just wanted to say that this year
has been tough for so many of us,
and I know that, for me,
when the world seems so uncertain,
um, I look for the light.
And more often than not,
I find it in places like this.
So thank you
for being my light in the dark.
And thank you, Wallace,
for shining brighter than ever.
[crowd chuckles]
Oh, disgusting! I'm so sorry.
I've had a drink, and it's Christmas.
Um, but here is to all of you.
Merry Christmas.
[all] Merry Christmas.
- [woman] Was that all right?
- Beautiful.
- Very nice.
- Could you...
- Got stuck with a spoon.
- Give me that.
- Oh, hello! Thank you for coming!
- Oh, are you joking?
- [Wallace] Stephen.
- The highlight of our festive calendar.
- Lovely speech, Hels.
- Did you know she was a sentimentalist?
I am not. I'm a cold-hearted cynic.
Don't let anyone tell you any different.
A cynic wouldn't have
this much tinsel at her party.
[all chuckle]
Anyway, sorry. I hate to be a flight risk.
I've got about five minutes of schmoozing,
then I need to get back to the office.
This Chinese ambassador situation
needs my attention. Em's staying though.
Mm. Don't worry. I'm gonna position myself
by the door the prosecco comes out of.
We'll, uh... we'll catch up soon.
Happy Christmas.
[Wallace] You did invite them
to Boxing Day drinks, didn't you?
- [Helen] Yeah, of course.
- Excuse me, Defence Secretary.
Wallace, please.
I just wanted to say thank you
for the party.
Thank my wife.
She's the one who organized it.
Mrs. Webb. Well, it's a great event.
Really puts the chancellor's
Christmas parties to shame.
[both chuckle]
- Happy Christmas.
- [Wallace] Happy Christmas.
- Do you know her?
- No.
No, me neither.
Prehistoric spad, probably.
Oh, listen. Uh, we need to get a photo
in front of the tree for your newsletter.
- Okay.
- Um...
While I'm in the loo,
negotiate with our children
to put down the mini pizzas and come out
from underneath the canapé table?
I'll do my best.
[classical music plays in the distance]
What are you doing here?
You cannot just turn up--
This morning at 12:30 a.m.,
a man named Jason Davies
was killed on the South Bank.
Do you know him?
I...
Uh, yes. He's a, um...
He's a civil servant.
Ministry of, uh... of Justice.
I think I met him, um...
I met him once at a...
- A drinks reception.
- [woman] Helen.
You should know
that I've had eyes on you recently.
So I know
you had lunch with him yesterday.
I know you were in a hotel
with him last week
between the hours of 6:30 and 8:00 p.m.
I know that you met on 20th November.
I know-- Well, I don't know exactly
when the affair started,
but I assume that's what it is, was.
An affair?
[tense music plays]
[music builds]
- [music fades]
- Yes.
[woman] How long?
- Three months.
- [woman] Why?
- What?
Did you need a contact
in the Justice Department?
Were you trying to work an angle?
I wasn't working an angle.
It was real. It wasn't a job. It was...
[woman] It was what?
Love.
[woman] Oh Christ.
[sighs]
Could there be any mistake?
Also killed last night
were Maggie Jones and Phillip Bray.
Phillip was a tabloid reporter.
Maggie worked as an assistant
in a jewelry shop.
Their deaths haven't been
officially connected yet,
but all three of them
met yesterday morning
just before Jason had lunch with you,
and now all three of them are dead.
- [voice breaks] Did he suffer?
- What?
Did he suffer?
Are you listening to me, Helen?
Three people met yesterday,
and now they're dead.
You met Jason straight after that meeting.
You met him, and he gave you something.
Did he suffer?
Dead in less than a minute.
What was in the bag?
Was I the reason he was murdered?
Was I the target?
- We don't know.
- Who killed him?
- [tense music plays]
- Was it you?
- No.
Was it you?
[woman] No. What was in the bag?
- [sighs shakily] A Christmas present.
- What Christmas present?
- Don't know. Haven't opened it yet.
- Why not?
Well, because it's not
fucking Christmas Day yet, is it?
Did he tell you anything, any information
that might have got him killed?
- No.
- Did he know about who you are?
Could he have approached with the intent
to find out about your true identity?
- No.
- The identity of the Black Doves?
- Can you be sure of that?
He did not approach me. I approached him.
- What trail is there from him to you?
- None. We were careful.
- I was careful.
- [scoffs] You weren't careful.
You were reckless and stupid.
This was not a job.
It was two people. It was--
It was love?
Yes.
What is clear
is that your relationship with him
has now put you in danger by association.
You might have compromised yourself,
and in doing so,
endangered this entire organization.
Do you understand
how serious this all is, Helen?
If you pull me out,
I'm taking the children.
I am taking the children,
and if you try and stop me,
I will kill you myself.
[breath quivers]
I will bleed you right fucking now.
[knife clicks]
We're not pulling you out.
You're our line into Downing Street.
Count yourself lucky you're the only one
we've got right now, or you would be out.
Are my family in danger?
Don't worry. We're sorting something.
For now, do nothing.
Arouse no suspicion. Stick to protocol.
At least I don't have to worry
about your extramarital affairs anymore.
You've caused an awful lot of trouble,
and a lot of people
are very disappointed with you.
Mrs. Webb.
- [somber music plays]
- [footsteps departing]
[inhales deeply]
[guests chattering]
[laughter]
- Darling.
- Hey. You all right?
The children are still under the table.
They're a bit, um, stronger than me.
- [cheerful string music plays]
- You all right?
Yeah. Um...
It is our party...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...so we have to dance.
- No, let's not do that.
- Yes, yes, we do.
- [Wallace chuckles]
- And a twizzle.
[gasps]
- Thank you.
- Okay.
- [Helen chuckles]
- Okay. Okay?
Very good. Well done.
Well done. [chuckles]
Every year. Every year.
[classical music continues]
[music stops]
[Helen] I'm sorry,
but I... I recognize you, don't I?
No, don't... don't tell me where.
No, I do. Okay, it was...
- [Jason chuckles]
- ...Portcullis House.
- The International Unity... something.
- [Jason] Foundation.
Yeah, the, uh, commencement reception.
[Helen] You bumped into me
and spilled my drink.
[Jason] Ooh, yeah.
- You remember that, huh?
- Yes, I do. I really needed that drink.
No doubt. [chuckles]
I'm Helen.
Jason.
[airplane whooshes]
- ♪ Bom-bom-bom-bom ♪
- ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
- ♪ Bom-bom-bom-bom ♪
- ♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
- ♪ Bom-bom-bom-bom ♪
- ♪ Try to imagine ♪
♪ A house that's not a home ♪
♪ Bom-bom-bom-bom ♪
♪ Try to imagine ♪
♪ A Christmas all alone ♪
♪ That's where I'll be since you left me ♪
[music continues over stereo]
♪ My tears could melt the snow ♪
♪ What can I do without you? ♪
♪ I've got no place ♪
♪ No place to go ♪
♪ It'll be lonely this Christmas ♪
♪ Lonely and cold ♪
[music continues over background]
♪ It'll be cold, so cold ♪
♪ Without you to hold ♪
♪ This Christmas ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Merry Christmas, darling
Wherever you are ♪
- [music fades]
- [man] You kept my car.
Well, you weren't using it.
Thank you for coming back.
I know you wouldn't have wanted to.
If it was anyone else but her...
Well, that's why you're the one I asked.
You got the crib notes?
Yes.
You didn't wanna step in?
When you thought she was...
What? Starting an affair?
I'd only recently begun
to suspect something.
She's good, covered her tracks,
just not quite well enough.
- She got sloppy.
- Yes. Well, it happens.
And she's too deep to pull out?
[gulps]
Too deep.
You should see her.
The husband, the house, the twins.
She's been feeding us government secrets
for ten years.
I don't need to tell you
how lucrative that's been for us.
Mm. That's why
you call them assets, I suppose.
If her husband finds out
that she's, A, a spy, B, an adulteress,
or, C, God for-fucking-bid, both,
then we're screwed, and she's out,
and I don't even know what happens then.
I want you to find out
if there's someone after her.
If there is,
I want you to remove them as a threat.
- You want me to hunt assassins for you.
- Well, you've hunted everyone else.
It's delicate, this situation, Sam.
She's delicate.
So I need someone I can trust.
And, more importantly,
I need someone she can trust.
And I do believe you owe her.
Right then. Good.
This man she, uh, had an affair with,
did she say why she got involved?
[glass clatters]
Yes.
She said it was love.
[chuckles]
Well,
to love, then.
[TV reporter] Well, it's a complicated
picture that's emerging.
As we know, the incident happened
over multiple locations.
Two domestic homes,
and, of course, the third victim,
who has been named as Jason Davies, died...
[Wallace] Hels, I have to go in, darling.
[Helen] What? Now? What happened?
We just found out the Chinese
are rejecting the coroner's report
and are calling foul play
over the ambassador's death.
What does that mean?
It means Mr. Shit and Mrs. Fan
have just been formally introduced,
is what it means.
- Luckily, the press don't have it yet.
- [scoffs]
[Wallace] But we're having
an emergency debrief with the PM.
I might have to crash
at the office tonight. Sorry.
They think these murders
were all connected.
One of them was a civil servant.
Did you know him?
No. Didn't know any of them.
Jesus Christ, this city. What is going on?
We should buy a gun.
[both chuckle softly]
Double lock the doors tonight.
- I love you.
[TV reporter] What would connect
these three civilians
in a coordinated attack?
Well, we just can't say at this point.
We expect police
to release further information tomorrow,
as it's thought
Police Commissioner Stephen Yarrick
will hold a further press briefing.
[door closes]
[ominous music plays]
[swing music plays]
[man] Okay, I need... I need another drink.
You guys go ahead, okay?
- Whoa! Hello. Hi. [chuckles]
- [bartender] Hi.
- Can I get a... another vodka soda, please?
- [bartender] Coming right up.
- [ice clatters]
- [man sighs]
What are you celebrating?
I'm not.
You're drinking champagne.
If I only drunk champagne
when I was celebrating,
I'd hardly ever get to drink it.
Well, that's fucking sad. Thanks.
- [woman 1] Come on!
- [woman 2] I'm coming! Give me a break.
So... are you staying at the hotel,
or are you here for the party?
- I'm staying here.
- All right.
And where's home for you?
- Listen.
- Usu--
What's your name?
Daniel.
- Daniel.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna finish this drink
and go upstairs to my room.
If you take that hat off...
you can come with me.
[swing music continues]
[music stops]
- [faint trill]
- [mechanism whirs]
[suspenseful music plays]
[scoffs softly]
[dull clacks]
[suspenseful music continues]
[doorbell chimes]
[music fades]
Uh, excuse me.
I'm so sorry for calling so late.
It's just that the, um...
the man who rented your upstairs flat--
[woman] Oh, I know, love.
I had the police round earlier.
I've had the news on all day.
I couldn't believe it.
He was such a lovely man.
[softly] Yeah.
Are you...?
[faint TV chatter in background]
I'm...
[hesitates]
I'm his partner.
[woman] God. I'm so sorry.
[Helen inhales shakily]
[softly] Uh, thank you.
Hadn't put his stamp on it, but... [sighs]
...I suppose he hadn't been here long.
The police came
and... and took a few of his things.
But, well, if you see something of yours,
well, be my guest.
[footsteps receding]
[door closes]
[somber music plays]
[breathes shakily]
[Jason breathes anxiously]
[Jason on voicemail] Hi. Uh, it's me. Uh...
I know I shouldn't do this, but, um...
I... [breath trembles]
I think I might be
in trouble.
- [Helen giggles]
- [somber music continues]
[Jason] And you're the only person
I wanted to call.
[breathes heavily] Uh...
- [sniffs]
- [Jason breathes shakily]
I... I... I wanted to tell you that I, um...
[somber music continues]
[moans softly]
[sighs]
[vape crackling]
[scoffs softly]
[music fades]
[doorbell chimes]
[officer] Police.
Can you open the door, please?
[doorbell chimes]
[phone whistles]
[men moaning]
[Daniel] Oh fuck!
[both moan]
[cell phone buzzes]
Oh, don't.
- No!
- I've gotta check that.
Don't, don't, don't.
- I've gotta... just...
- [Daniel] No.
- [buzzing continues]
- [Daniel groans]
[grunts]
- [buzzing continues]
- [breathes heavily]
[cell phone buzzes]
[sighs]
Good evening, madam. I'm Officer Williams.
This is Officer Kent. Do you live here?
[woman] I own it. I'm the landlady.
[Williams] We're sorry
to bother you so late,
but we're looking for some personal items
belonging to Jason
to help us with our investigation,
like, um... phone, laptop,
recording device, that sort of thing?
Well, I mean, y-you can have a look,
but your colleagues
took everything earlier, so...
Right.
Odd question.
Has he had any guests recently?
A young woman?
Well, his girlfriend's here now.
You can talk to her.
- [Williams] She's here?
- [woman] Upstairs.
Oh.
[silenced gunshots]
[body thuds]
[Helen breathes heavily]
[cell phone chimes]
[chiming continues]
[chimes]
[softly] Oh fuck.
- Mummy?
- Mummy's right here, darling.
- Back to bed. I'll be there in a minute.
- Where are you?
Go back to bed, okay?
- But where are you?
- Jacqueline, go back to bed right now!
I will be there in a minute. I love you.
[door creaks open]
[knife clicks]
- [flesh squelches]
- [Kent yells, grunts]
- [silenced gunshots]
- [grunting]
- [Helen strains]
[silenced gunshot]
[Williams gasps]
[both groaning]
- [silenced gunshots]
- [Kent grunts]
- [gun clatters]
- [Williams grunts]
[groans]
- [Helen grunts]
- [Kent groans]
[grunting continues]
- [yells]
- [Kent yells]
[gunshot]
- [shell casing clatters]
- Ah.
[hurried footsteps departing]
[Helen breathes heavily]
- [shards clatter, crunch]
- [huffs]
Sam.
Hello, darling.
The fucking shotgun?
Yes, it's all I had on me.
[sobs softly]
I can't believe you're here.
I am.
But now we need to go.
Uh, two seconds.
Fuck.
- [distant sirens wail]
- [grunts]
Fuck.
- [approaching sirens wailing]
- [Helen sighs]
[Helen exhales]
I thought if I ever saw you again,
it would be to retire me.
- You know I'd never take that job.
- [scoffs]
[sirens grow louder]
Unless the money was really good.
[engine starts]
[sirens wail]
[sirens fade]
- [Helen] When did you get back?
- [Sam] This evening.
And who ca...
Reed. Reed called me.
What did she say?
The only thing she needed to.
That you're in trouble.
Who were those two anyway?
Kent and Williams.
Well, just Williams now.
Do you think
they were the ones who killed Jason?
I doubt it.
Jason was killed by a long-range weapon.
They're bullet-to-the-back-of-the-head,
cut-your-throat type girls.
You had twins?
Yeah. [laughs] They're really wonderful.
You'll have to meet them.
And the husband?
Oh, you know, he's still Wallace.
I actually think you'd quite like him.
I mean, apart from the fact
you have absolutely nothing in common.
I don't know what you'd talk about.
[Sam chuckles]
Must be your ten-year
wedding anniversary soon?
[sighs] Yeah.
I just...
I kept meaning to leave,
you know, put an end to it,
but... then I had the kids, and it was just...
It was never the right time.
You know, then Wallace gets
his first Cabinet position.
- They put my rates up.
- [Sam chuckles]
They're doing well in the polls,
snap election.
Suddenly, I'm married
to the defence secretary.
Everyone knows...
everyone knows
in the next reshuffle, he's going
to get something bigger, and then...
Number 10.
- PM's wife.
- [Sam] Mm.
Helen Webb,
the spy at the heart of government.
They told me you fell in love.
Yes.
That was silly.
Wasn't it just?
With a civilian shot by a sniper
on the South Bank,
with a hard drive hidden in his wall.
Must have got himself
involved in something.
- [handbrake clacks]
- [engine stops]
Did you miss it?
What?
Home.
I don't know.
I missed you.
I missed you too.
Hey, I'm sorry about Jason.
And I'm sorry that I...
Well, that I, um,
left you here.
Sam, will you promise me something?
Will you promise me
that you will keep my family safe
and you will keep me alive,
so that I can find out
who killed him and why,
and I can take my revenge
any way I see fit?
Darling,
I will certainly endeavor to try.
[ethereal, pensive music plays softly]
[Helen chuckles softly]
[sighs]
[whispers] I love you.
I love you. I love you. I love you.
[music continues]
[hard drive whirs]
[device trills softly]
[chiming softly]
[trills]
[Helen] You cannot save my number
under my name,
and you have to delete our messages
every day.
- You're paranoid.
- [Helen] I'm being careful.
[Jason] Okay, so what should I save
your number as then?
[serene, contemplative music plays]
[clicks]
- [muffled soundscape]
- [children clamor cheerfully]
[keyboard clacking]
[music continues]
[pen clicks]
[scribbling]
[music becomes foreboding]
[country guitar music plays]
- [bell tinkles]
- [music continues over stereo]
[door closes]
Hello, gorgeous.
[Sam chuckles]
Long fucking time.
Hello, Bingo.
You, uh, here to browse?
[Bingo] I didn't expect to see you
around here again.
I'd heard you'd gone all international.
- Well, you know... no place like home.
- [keys jangle]
[Bingo] Things have changed here
while you've been away.
[Sam] How so?
Well, they've got much fucking worse,
ain't they?
I mean, there's all new agencies in,
all the old networks
are either trying to kill each other
or buy each other out,
and they're all fucking kids!
Twenty-two-year-olds running about
with Uzis all over the place.
I mean, it ain't like in your day.
At least you used to kill people
with a touch of class.
Mm. And class costs extra.
[Bingo] Well, ain't that the truth?
I suppose the question is...
how much damage are you looking to do?
Potentially quite a lot.
[Bingo] Help yourself, kid.
[whimsical, intriguing music plays]
- [bell tinkles]
- [music continues]
[man] Sam?
Sam!
- Sam!
- [music fades]
[chuckling] What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Hi, Arnie. [chuckles]
I was just...
I was walking along. I looked over.
Out of the corner of my eye,
I see a very handsome man in a nice coat,
and I think, "Well, hello, sir."
And then I fucking look closer,
and it's you. What are you doing here?
- When did you get in?
- Yesterday. I got in yesterday.
- [thumps]
- Without fucking telling me?
- I didn't know, you know... I--
- What?
- [chuckles] I didn't know if you'd--
- Oh, you shut the fuck up right now.
Of course I wanna see you,
and so will Zack.
This is... this is huge.
I was just...
I was thinking about you the other day.
Okay, you're coming round for dinner.
How long are you in town?
Actually, it doesn't matter.
You're coming round anyway, tonight.
Tonight, Samuel.
Yeah.
Yes? I have plans. I will cancel them.
- Don't make me if you're not gonna come.
- I'll come.
Okay. Um, this is a binding contract.
- So put your number in there.
- Okay.
You, uh... you learn the guitar?
Something like that.
- Does Michael know you're here?
- No, and don't tell him. I mean it, Arnie.
I shan't say a word.
[sighs] Fuck.
- It's... it's good to see you.
- Aw. [chuckles]
Actually, it's... it's weird to see you.
But I... I missed you.
You didn't... you didn't call.
- You never called.
- I'm sorry.
So what have you even been doing?
Are you still in insurance?
Yeah, you know how insurance is.
- Yeah.
- [Sam chuckles]
Well, what's seven years between friends?
I will see you later.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah. [chuckles]
[funky rock music plays]
[device trilling]
[chiming softly]
[laptop trills]
[line rings]
- [line clicks]
- Hey, it's me.
Okay, so Jason was calling
an unsaved number
five times the day he died.
That's suspicious, don't you think?
Doesn't Reed want you to leave this to me?
[Helen] Yeah, but, no offense,
you kill people for a living,
and I'm an actual spy.
You need my nous.
[Sam] Your what?
My nous? My guile, my craft.
Right.
[Helen] Something else.
Phillip, the journalist.
He messaged Jason about someone called Sy.
[Sam] Sy?
S-Y, yeah, so maybe
that's who the number's connected to.
Yeah. Worth a look.
Right, well, I'm going to get Reed
to run the number.
Well, have her send it to me.
Okay, Sam, I want to be a part of this.
I know you do.
That's what's worrying everyone.
What are you doing later?
- [Sam] I'm going for dinner.
- You're going to dinner?
[Sam] Yeah!
Still allowed to eat, aren't I?
[suspenseful music plays]
[mouse clicks]
[message alert bleeps]
Hm.
[music fades]
[Sam] Hello?
- Who are you seeing?
- Some old friends.
That doesn't sound like you're trying
to find who killed Jason.
Well, maybe we'll be in luck
and it will be one of these guys.
- [Helen] Are your friends assassins?
- No, they're architects.
- You're not going to see him, are you?
- No.
- I'm not gonna see Michael.
- Because that would be a bad idea.
- [message chimes]
- [Sam] I know how you hate them.
How are you holding up?
[Helen] I'm hanging in there.
Listen.
You will call me if you hear anything?
Sam?
I will keep you informed.
[phone clicks]
[pulsing, suspenseful music plays]
[music continues]
[music building]
[chuckles softly]
[music continues]
[bicycle bell jingles]
[Christmas music playing over speakers]
George.
Sam.
How are you?
Great.
Got something for me?
Um, yeah, it's a bullet casing.
Need to run it for prints and DNA.
Oh, we don't take cash anymore.
[card reader beeps]
- You know I've been away for a while?
- Uh-huh.
[card reader beeps]
- Now I'm back.
- Hm.
Interested in trying
our new foundation range, madam?
I'll just go fuck myself then.
[clicks tongue] Need this done quick?
- Very.
- It's extra.
[card reader beeps]
Seven years, you know?
- Is that right?
- [beep]
- [Sam] Long time.
- Mm-hmm.
Well... lovely to see you again.
Uh-huh.
[jazz music plays]
[handbrake clacks]
[car lock beeps]
[jazz music continues]
[Arnie] Welcome. [chuckles]
- Come in.
- I brought a bottle.
Well, I mean,
it would have been rude if you hadn't.
- [Sam] Hello, stranger.
- Hello, you.
- Fucking hell. You got more handsome.
- So did you.
I did, didn't I? Well done, us. Come here.
Uh, what are you drinking?
White, red, sparkling?
- Sparkling if you've got it. Cheers.
- I'm on red, so don't pour me any.
[Sam] Something smells delicious.
What are you making?
Oh, you know, just my famous coq au vin.
That's French for Vinnie's cock.
You met him at a sauna, didn't you, love?
- Gave him a wonderful chicken recipe.
- Can we not do the vaudeville act tonight?
Sam might piss off again
for another seven years.
No, I can't wait
to tuck into your delicious coq.
Fucking hell. Forgot you were bad as him.
- This place is lovely.
- Thank you. We moved in after our wedding.
We would have invited you,
but, you know, you were a ghost.
Don't feel bad about it.
I'll invite you to my next one.
He'll be the fucking groom,
the way you two are going.
[chuckles]
[woman on screen] As we walked
through the station, I remember thinking,
"This is the last time with Alec."
"I shall see all this again,
but without Alec."
I tried not to think of it.
Not to let it spoil
our last moments together.
[romantic classical music plays]
The Chinese are saying
they reject the coroner's report
into the ambassador's death.
It could get bad.
I can tell Wallace is worried.
There's bits in there about the talks
with the Saudis. They're heating up.
But that's about it.
I checked in with Sam.
He said when he got to you last night,
you were in the middle of a knife fight
with two assassins,
one of whom he was compelled
to cranially readjust with a shotgun.
"Do nothing. Arouse no suspicion."
I believe those are the words I said.
They were looking for something.
[man] Sh!
Whatever they're doing,
let Sam deal with it.
That's why I brought him here.
There is a phone number.
Jason was calling it the day he died.
You don't have to tell me
if you don't want to. You can tell Sam.
But please run it
and see who it belongs to.
I've written it on the front page.
[romantic classical music continues]
[whispers] No more knife fights.
- [munches]
- Wouldn't dream of it.
[woman on screen] I want to die.
If only I could die.
- [Sam laughs]
- [Zack] Oh, come on!
- [Arnie] No.
- [Zack] Come on!
- No, no, no. No, we don't.
- [Zack laughs]
[Sam] Poor Eric. I mean...
- No, no, no. Certainly no.
- [Arnie] Not "poor Eric."
Stop, stop, stop.
So, no, I don't wanna talk about this.
[all chuckle]
You need to tell us
exactly where you've been,
why you haven't called,
and what you're doing now.
- [Arnie chuckles]
- Start with the small stuff, huh?
We can do the small stuff later on.
I wanna know what's going on.
I wanna know why you left.
I just had to get out.
I just had to go... you know?
[cutlery clinking]
Things had started to fall apart.
[inaudible]
I went to France.
Someplace in the mountains,
someplace quiet.
And... I thought maybe I'd stay there.
Maybe forever.
And what happened?
It was just time to move on.
[Zack] Hm.
I know you don't wanna, um...
wanna talk about him,
but Michael never did tell us
what happened between you two.
He never said anything?
[Zack] Just that you...
you had to leave suddenly.
That you had, um... problems, like a...
like a breakdown or something.
He never told you anything more than that?
[Arnie] No.
The closest we ever got to an explanation
was that you're just...
He thought you guys were too different.
Right.
[Zack] And that maybe you, um...
you weren't quite who he thought you were.
- Has he... Is, um...
- [Zack] Yeah.
Is he... settled?
Yeah, he's got a daughter.
He and his partner used a surrogate.
Babe.
No, it's okay. I'm just, uh...
You asked the question.
[chuckles awkwardly] I haven't thought
about him in a very long time.
- [Zack] Mm.
- [Sam inhales deeply]
[snorting]
[dishes clatter in background]
Michael is single.
What?
[Arnie] He was married and they separated.
He's single now.
- You fucking serious?
- No.
Because, okay, listen,
some things should be left in the past,
and some things should be pulled forward
into the present.
Do your line.
[snorts]
- Don't tell him I'm back.
- I won't.
You already did, didn't you?
No. Yes.
Fuck. Sorry, but he'll want to know.
I mean, what if you just bump into him
in the street?
- It's London. I'm not gonna bump into him.
- [Arnie] I bumped into you.
What are the chances
of that happening twice?
Oh, with you two? Huge.
Some people are... magnets.
They just zoom, zoom, zoom
towards each other.
You can't do anything about it. Trust me.
It's better if he knows.
What did he say when you told him?
Well, I texted him,
and... he didn't reply for an hour.
And then he just wrote back, "Is he okay?"
He said that? "Is he okay?"
- Uh-huh.
- And what did you say?
I said, "Who fucking knows?"
Because, frankly, who fucking does?
Well, okay. I'm not gonna call him though.
No. No, no, no.
That wouldn't be proper at all.
- Fuck you.
- [cell phone dings]
[both chuckle]
[ding]
Love, I have to go.
In the last few minutes,
Chinese authorities have issued
an official statement
rejecting the UK Coroner's Office's report
on the death of Ambassador Jun Chen.
[cell phone buzzing]
- Who's this for?
- [Helen] Hello.
[Sam] I've got him.
Jason's shooter.
I've got a fingerprint match
from a bullet casing. Positive ID.
Does that mean that you have a...?
Registered address? Yes, it does.
Is it close?
[Sam] London.
I'm coming with you.
[TV reporter] Beijing's unprecedented
independent investigation
calls foul play on Chen's death
without going into further detail.
The statement goes on to suggest
that the Metropolitan Police's ruling
that Chen died
of a suspected drug overdose
in the early hours of Tuesday morning
failed to acknowledge vital evidence.
Beijing's investigators
are also conducting a search
for Chen's daughter, Kai-Ming Chen,
whose whereabouts remain unknown.
- Fuck.
- [TV anchor] Does the statement give any...
- [Wallace] Fuck!
- [Sam] There's more.
Reed has traced the number
that Jason was calling.
It's registered
to a woman called Kai-Ming Chen.
Before he was murdered, your boyfriend
was calling the daughter
of the Chinese ambassador.
Helen, I think this is much bigger
than we thought it was.
Sam... I want to come with you.
I want to do this together.
So do I.
That's why I'm waiting
outside your house right now.
[suspenseful music plays]
- [Jacqueline] Know who I'm doing this for?
- [woman] Who?
- It's a secret.
- [woman] Ooh. What are you doing?
Give me two minutes.
[suspenseful music continues]
[safe trills, whirs]
[beeps]
[music building]
[music swells to crescendo]
[music fades]
[somber music plays]
♪ I was five and he was six ♪
♪ We rode on horses made of sticks ♪
♪ He wore black and I wore white ♪
♪ He would always win the fight ♪
♪ Bang, bang ♪
[music fades]
♪ My baby shot me down ♪
♪ Bang, bang ♪
♪ My, my, my baby shot me down ♪
[music fades]